feat: add `UserModel::getReturnType()` and RegisterController::getUserEntity() uses it (#1172)
codeigniter4/shield: docs/customization/user_provider.md

    }
}
```

> ## Using a custom ReturnType
> If you have set a custom `ReturnType` in your custom `UserModel`, you may retrieve the `ReturnTypt` using `UserModel::getReturnType()` and easily create a new `UserEntity` using your custom `ReturnType`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using a Custom User Entity

If you have set a custom `$returnType` in your custom `UserModel`, you may
retrieve the return type using the `UserModel::getReturnType()` method and
easily create a new User Entity using it:
```

```php
$userEntityClass = $userModel->getReturnType();

> $newUser = new $userEntityClass();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$newUser         = new $userEntityClass();
```
